(instrument strumming)
Alright, let's talk about Multipart Uploads.
So, multipart uploads are what we use to load up the images.
And right now I spent about 4 hours playing
with the reactive stuff and was not able to get it going.
And I think this is because it's not fully baked.
And it may be just a knowledge gap on my part,
but I was not able to get it going
with this version of Spring 5.
I expected somethings that's gonna mature
and I'm gonna keep this on the short list.
I will complete this video,
but I'm gonna wait for this area of Spring 5
to mature a little bit more.
But at this point we do have most of the functionality
of a web application, reimplemented in the WebFlux model,
so pretty stoked about that for the most part.
I did run into a couple of nuances there
but for the most part our web application
is now fully running on the WebFlux,
so we converted over from the Servlet model
over to the WebFlux model and overall it's pretty painless
but the multipart upload for images,
I was not able to get working like I said,
I spent about four or five hours on it.
No luck and I expect that this is something
that's gonna mature and I will get this video replaced
as soon as possible, so definitely something coming soon.